CHESPIN: [CONCERNED]
CLEMONT: Are we close
to a Pokémon Center?
SERENA: We still
have a ways to go...
ASH: Just hang in there!
PIKACHU: [EXHAUSTED]
CLEMONT: Everything's
starting to get hazy...
BONNIE: Well I'm
feeling super‐duper!
DEDENNE: [HAPPY]
SQUISHY: [SLEEPING]
CLEMONT: I wish that I
were Dedenne or Squishy...
SERENA: Yeah, me too.
The sun is really really, really
hot and the air is so dry.
I totally understand.
CLEMONT: Isn't there
anywhere we can take a rest
for a little while?
SERENA: It doesn't look like it.
CLEMONT: I think
I'm going to pass out...
CHESPIN: [CONCERNED]
PIKACHU: [CURIOUS]
ASH, PIKACHU: What's that?
CLEMONT: A robot, wow!!
I stand tall
'Cause I know I'm a winner
Knock me down
I'll just get up again
You've met your match
Yeah, I'm no beginner
Pokémon
Gotta catch 'em all!
I stand tall 'cause
I know I'm a winner
Pokémon
Gotta catch 'em all!
NARRATOR: As our heroes
continue their journey to
Snowbelle City, where Ash hopes
to win his eighth Kalos Gym
badge, they've discovered a
robot digging in the middle
of a scorching wasteland!
CLEMONT: What
a retro‐looking robot.
It must've been built ages ago!
BONNIE: It looks
kind of beat up.
SERENA: I wonder what
it's doing way out here.
PIKACHU: [AGREEING]
ROBON: Get out of the way!
CLEMONT SERENA, BONNIE,
ASH: It talks!
ROBON: Yes, I can speak.
CLEMONT: You've got A. I.!
I never would've guessed from
the way you look! Excellent!
CLEMONT: You know, those look
like seeds! What are you doing?!
ROBON: Those are seeds.
I'm planting them.
CLEMONT: Way out here?
In this hot, dried‐out place?
BONNIE: Will they grow?
SERENA: I'm not sure...
ASH: I wonder if it's
been here a long time.
CLEMONT: It looks like
quite a few years.
Someone must have programmed
it to do all this work.
ASH: What's that?
PIKACHU: [ALARMED]
BONNIE: A Pokémon?!
ASH: What kind?
POKEDEX: Chesnaught. The Spiny
Armor Pokémon, and the final
evolved form of Chespin. Its
Tackle is so powerful, it can
overturn a fifty‐ton tank.
CHESNAUGHT: [ROAR]
ASH: That's a lot of power!
CLEMONT: And it's
coming right for us!
CHESNAUGHT: [ROAR]
CHESPIN: [PROTECTIVE]
CHESNAUGHT: [ROAR]/[EXERTION]
CHESPIN: [PANICKED
YELLING]/[EXERTION]
ASH: Wow...
CLEMONT: Admire it later!
CLEMONT: We'd better retreat!
ASH: Yeah!
CHESNAUGHT: [ROAR]
ASH: Man, why did we all
get attacked like that?
SERENA: I think Chesnaught's
protecting the robot.
BONNIE: Maybe they're
really good friends.
SERENA: Could be.
CHESPIN: [WHISPERING]
ASH: What's this?
CLEMONT: Perhaps it has
something to do with the robot.
BONNIE: There's no one here.
SERENA: Amazing. Looks like
some kind of research lab.
CLEMONT: I'd say this place
has to have something to
do with those two.
SERENA: They must've been
cultivating plants in here.
BONNIE: Uh, look!
ASH: Who's that?
HENNY: Hey what are you doing?!
ASH: Oh, hi there.
My name is Ash.
And this is my partner, Pikachu.
PIKACHU: [GREETING]
SERENA: Hi! I'm Serena.
BONNIE: I'm Bonnie!
This is Dedenne and Squishy!
DEDENNE: [GREETING]
SQUISHY: [GREETING]
BONNIE: That's my big brother...
CLEMONT: My name is Clemont.
CHESPIN: [GREETING]
HENNY: So what do you want with
the Chapman Research Lab?
CLEMONT: We're interested
in finding out about
a robot we saw outside...
HENNY: Hmm
BONNIE: So, who are you?
HENNY: My name is Henny.
That man you see in the
photograph is my grandfather.
HENNY: If you wanna know
about Robon, then watch this.
CHAPMAN: My name is Chapman...
I'm a scientist researching
environments where people and
Pokémon can live together
happily. You see, once upon a
time, this beautiful forest was
nature at its finest, filled
with many wild Pokémon ...
CHAPMAN: But one day, the
forest began to dry up and
wither. I did my best to figure
out the reason why, but my work
was unfortunately cut short
by an unexpected illness.
CHAPMAN: I was able to construct
Robon to help the
forest regrow, but I'm afraid
I won't be around to see
it come to fruition.
CHAPMAN: The forest is now
dried up. Neither people nor
Pokémon can live here.
CHAPMAN: Its only remaining
hope is with my robot,
Robon, and Chesnaught.
CHAPMAN: If they somehow
encounter difficulties,
I would like you to help them.
CHAPMAN: I ask this
of whoever is watching this
as my final request.
ASH: I get it. I think
Chesnaught attacked us because
it thought we were
interfering with Robon's work.
HENNY: Even though Grandfather's
gone, Robon keeps on planting
seeds...and Chesnaught
keeps on protecting Robon...
HENNY: Robon...
CLEMONT: Robon can
even charge itself...
HENNY: Yeah. But lately that's
been taking longer and longer.
HENNY: I think it's working
way too hard and must be
starting to break down.
CLEMONT: Let me have a look...
CLEMONT: I'm certain
I can fix this!
BONNIE: My big
brother's an inventor!
He can fix any machine!
HENNY: Stop it!
HENNY: What I really want is for
Robon and Chesnaught to stop
working so hard! They've
worked hard enough already...
CLEMONT: But you know Robon's
mission is to replant the
forest. So instead of stopping
Robon, shouldn't we help it to
accomplish the very reason
why it was constructed in
the first place?
HENNY: But it's been working
so hard with no progress.
It's impossible.
CLEMONT: The progress of
science will stop cold
the moment you give up.
CLEMONT: So, continuing on no
matter what challenges appear
is key to making
scientific progress!
CHESPIN: [AGREEMENT]
BONNIE: Clemont's right!
SERENA: I think so, too!
ASH: Taking on
challenges is the only way!
PIKACHU: [AGREEMENT]
HENNY: I hear you.
I'll do whatever I can!
CLEMONT: That's great!
ROBON: Charge complete.
HENNY: It charged way
faster this time!
HENNY: Thank you
so much, Clemont!
ASH: So now we know
what we've gotta do!
SERENA: This whole
area is so enormous.
CHESNAUGHT: [CALLING]
HENNY: Stop, Chesnaught!
CHESNAUGHT: [SURPRISED]
HENNY: Everybody here just
really wants to help Robon out!
PIKACHU: [AFFIRMATIVE]
CHESPIN: [AFFIRMATIVE]
CLEMONT: You've gotta
trust us, Chesnaught!
CHESPIN: [ENCOURAGING]
CHESNAUGHT: [CONSIDERING]
CHESNAUGHT: [AGREEMENT]
SERENA: I think it understands!
PIKACHU: [HAPPY]
CLEMONT: Thank you, Chesnaught.
ASH: Let's get this
forest back in shape!
SERENA: Yeah!
CLEMONT: First off, we need
to figure out whether or not
plants can even grow here.
ASH: So how are
we gonna do that?!
CLEMONT: The future is now,
thanks to science!
CLEMONT: Clemontic Gear, on!
CLEMONT: You see, I thought we'd
encounter a situation precisely
like this one! I call it the
Mr. Dirt Analyzing Simulator!
BONNIE: I like
that name, Clemont!
CLEMONT: All right
then, here we go!
MECHA VOICE: Beginning analysis.
CLEMONT: It's a device that can
analyze the soil's components
and determine whether or not
seeds are able to grow!
MECHA VOICE: Growth in
this soil is impossible.
CLEMONT: It looks like this
isn't going to work out.
BONNIE: So Clemont,
what are we gonna do?
CLEMONT: If this was once
a forest, there must be
underground water
somewhere around here...
Let's figure out where!
LUXRAY: [APPEARING]
ASH: All right, I choose you!
NOIBAT: [APPEARING]
CLEMONT: You can use
your special eyesight!
ASH: Noibat will
use its Supersonic!
CLEMONT: Search for an
underground water source!
ASH: You do it, too!
LUXRAY, NOIBLAT: [AFFIRMATIVE]
NOIBAT: [SUPERSONIC MOVE]
CHESNAUGHT: [CURIOUS]
CHESPIN: [EXERTION]
CHESNAUGHT: [EXERTION]
Chesnaught has put his
antennas into the ground
to search for water too.
That's un excellent idea.
CLEMONT: It's great that you
want to help, too, Chesnaught!
CHESPIN: [HAPPY]
CHESNAUGHT: [EMBARRASSED]
MEOWTH: Looks like the Twerps
are up to some weird‐looking
stuff, as usual
JESSIE: What a big, fat bore.
Instead, we should all focus
our attention on catching that
power‐packed Chesnaught.
JAMES: And that addition would
give us a potent power punch!
WOBBUFFET: [AFFIRMATIVE]
CHESPIN: [EXERTION]
CHESPIN: [EXCITED]
CHESNAUGHT: [CURIOUS]
CHESNAUGHT:
[SURPRISED]/[AFFIRMATIVE]
CHESPIN: [EXCITED]
CHESNAUGHT: [HAPPY]
CHESPIN: [PLEASED]
CHESPIN: [CALLING]
NOIBAT: [SEARCHING]
NOIBAT: [EXCITED]
LUXRAY: [CONFIRMING]
CLEMONT: All right, Chespin and
Chesnaught, way to go! Great!
ASH: Thanks, Noibat! Return!
CHESPIN: [HAPPY]
HENNY: Nice work, Chesnaught!
CHESNAUGHT: [PLEASED]
CLEMONT: Now it's your turn!
BUNNELBY: [APPEARING]
CLEMONT: Bunnelby, use Dig!
BUNNELBY: [DIG MOVE]
ASH : Yeah! Come on!
ASH, CLEMONT, HENNY:
BUNNELBY: [SURPRISED]
CLEMONT: What's up, Bunnelby?
BUNNELBY: [WORRIED]
ASH: What's this?
CLEMONT: It looks to me
like we may have hit bedrock.
CLEMONT: Time to investigate.
CLEMONT: It's huge!
Ten meters in diameter.
The water's below it.
We can't get to it
unless we move the rock...
ASH, SERENA, CLEMONT, BONNIE:
"Who's that Pokémon?"
"It's Chesnaught!"
CLEMONT: It appears seismic
activities shifted the rock
until it formed a kind of lid.
CLEMONT: The big question is
how are we going to get it
out of the way?
CHESPIN: [CONFIDENT]
CHESNAUGHT: [DECISIVE]
CHESPIN: [PIN MISSILE MOVE]
CHESNAUGHT: [PIN MISSILE MOVE]
CHESPIN: [EXERTION]
ASH: No good.
CLEMONT: So in order to break
the rock, we'll need to heat it
up and rapidly cool it down.
So we'll all have
to attack at once!
SERENA: Let's do it!
ASH: All right!
SERENA: Now, Braixen,
Flamethrower!
BRAIXEN: [FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
ASH: Greninja, Water Shuriken!
GRENINJA: [WATER SHURIKEN MOVE]
CLEMONT: Chespin, use Pin
Missile! Bunnelby, use Mud Shot!
And Luxray, use Swift! Now!
ASH: Pikachu, Electro Ball!
SERENA: Sylveon,
Swift, let's go!
CHESPIN: [PIN MISSILE MOVE]
BUNNELBY: [MUD SHOT MOVE]
LUXRAY: [SWIFT MOVE]
PIKACHU: [ELECTRO BALL MOVE]
SYLVEON: [SWIFT MOVE]
CHESNAUGHT: [SEED BOMB MOVE]
ASH: So, how did we do?
BONNIE: No way!
ASH: Is there
anything else we can do?
CLEMONT: Let's see.
If we can't break it,
maybe we can pull it out!
CLEMONT: Let's pull hard!
We'll call it: "The if you can't
break it, pull it" strategy!
BONNIE: There's no
science in that name.
ASH: 'Kay let's do it!
SERENA: All right!
PIKACHU: [DETERMINED]
CHESPIN: [DETERMINED]
ASH: Okay, on three
SERENA, CLEMONT,
BONNIE, HENNY: Right!
ASH: And one, two, three.
CHESNAUGHT:
[SHOCKED]/[STRUGGLING]
GRENINJA, BRAIXEN,
LUXRAY: [SHOCKED]
PIKACHU: [STRUGGLING]
ASH: Hey, what's going on?!
JESSIE: Prepare for trouble,
we're what's going on!
JAMES: And make it double,
from dawn to dawn!
JESSIE: To protect the
world from devastation!
JAMES: To unite all
people within our nation!
JESSIE: We're ignoring
this dry, barren land
JAMES: and extending our reach
for the treasures at hand!
JESSIE: Jessie!
JAMES: And James.
JESSIE: Team Rocket stays calm
while you Twerps lose your cool!
JAMES: Surrender now, or fight,
that's always the rule!
MEOWTH: Meowth's no fool. Yeah!
WOBBUFFET: [AFFIRMATIVE]
ASH: Team Rocket!
SERENA: What do you want?!
CHESNAUGHT: [FURIOUS] JESSIE,
JAMES, MEOWTH, WOBBUFFET: What?
JESSIE: Not what, but who.
We thought we'd grab
Chesnaught and Pikachu, too...
JAMES: But then we thought why
not grab all of them, too?!
MEOWTH: Woo hoo!
WOBBUFFET: [HAPPY]
ROBON: Out of the
way!
JESSIE: What's with that?
ROBON: There are seeds planted
here. Please move away.
JAMES: Seeds?
HENNY: Robon...
ROBON: Please move away.
JESSIE: How annoying.
Gourgeist, come!
GOURGEIST: [APPEARING]
JESSIE: Quiet that tin can down.
GOURGEIST: [SHADOW BALL MOVE]
ROBON: Uh‐oh
CHESNAUGHT: [WORRIED]/[FURIOUS]
JAMES: Cover those teeth!
MEOWTH: Those super‐
reinforced lassos will
keep you chumps in place
CHESNAUGHT: [SCREAM]
ROBON: Ches...Naught... No. No.
CHAPMAN: Perfect!
Now I want you two to always
help each other out!
CHAPMAN: Always care for each
other, no matter what!
CHESNAUGHT: [STRUGGLING]
CHAPMAN: The two of you
are this land's only
hope of survival!
JESSIE: Do me a
favor, Gourgeist,
and calm Chesnaught down!
JAMES: Inkay? Psybeam, GO!
INKAY:
[AFFIRMATIVE]/[PSYBEAM MOVE]
GOURGEIST: [SHADOW BALL MOVE]
ROBON: Chesnaught and I are its
only hope Hope, hope, hope
GOURGEIST: [SHADOW BALL MOVE]
CHESNAUGHT: [SCARED]
CHESNAUGHT: [SHOCKED]
HENNY: Robon, please get up!
CHESNAUGHT: [DISTRAUGHT]
CHESNAUGHT: [FURIOUS]
JESSIE, JAMES, MEOWTH, WOBBUFFET
CHESNAUGHT: [EXERTION]
[RELIEVED]
ASH: Okay, now
you're gonna get it!
Rain check, please!
ASH: Greninja, use
Water Shuriken! Now!
Pikachu, Thunderbolt!
PIKACHU: [THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
SERENA: Now, Braixen!
Fire Blast!
CLEMONT: Chespin, Pin Missile,
and Luxray, use Swift!
CHESPIN: [PIN MISSILE MOVE]
CHESNAUGHT: [PIN MISSILE MOVE]
JESSIE, JAMES, MEOWTH,
WOBBUFFET, GOURGEIST, INKAY
JESSIE, JAMES, MEOWTH:
We're blasting off again!
WOBBUFFET: [AFFIRMATIVE]
HENNY: Robon... no Robon!
CHESNAUGHT: [UPSET]
CHESPIN: [SAD]
BONNIE: Uh‐oh. Robon's broken.
SERENA: Yeah
PIKACHU: [SAD]
CLEMONT: The progress of science
stops the moment you give up.
If you don't give up,
anything is possible!
CLEMONT: Robon's as good as new!
ROBON: Reboot. Reset
ROBON: Reset complete,
and Robon feels great!
HENNY: You're back,
Robon! You're really back!
CHESNAUGHT: [GRATEFUL]
CLEMONT: Robon? What do
we do about that rock?
ROBON: Obstacle
present! Scanning!
ROBON: Rock removal
operation commencing.
ROBON: I will
now remove the rock.
CLEMONT: I didn't know
Robon could do that!
ASH, SERENA, PIKACHU
BONNIE: Go, Robon!
CLEMONT: Show us how it's done!
HENNY: Do it!
ROBON: It's a gusher!
CLEMONT: The spring
is flowing again!
ASH: All right!
CHESNAUGHT: [HAPPY]
CHESPIN: [HAPPY]
BONNIE: Oh wow, it's beautiful!
Look at the water,
Dedenne and Squishy!
DEDENNE: [YAWNING]
SQUISHY: [CURIOUS]
CLEMONT: Why don't we
analyze the soil once again?
MECHA VOICE: Beginning analysis.
MECHA VOICE: Growth in
this soil is very possible.
HENNY: Now Grandfather's
dream will come true!
CHESNAUGHT: [HAPPY]
CLEMONT: I realized when
I was fixing Robon...
CLEMONT: that each one of its
parts was constructed with lots
of love. Professor Chapman
was a great inventor indeed.
And I want to be just like him!
CHESPIN: [HAPPY]
PIKACHU: [HAPPY]
HENNY: Clemont, I've decided
I'm going to pursue the path of
science just like you! Then, if
Robon ever needs fixing again,
I'll be able to do it.
CLEMONT: Great! And I
know you will do it, too!
CHESPIN: [ENCOURAGING]
CLEMONT: Lots of
luck to you, Henny.
HENNY: Thank you, Clemont!
CHESNAUGHT: [ENCOURAGING]
CHESPIN: [HAPPY]
HENNY, CHESNAUGHT:
Goodbye, everyone!
HENNY: Take good care! ROBON:
See you again. I know it!
NARRATOR: And so, with
everyone's help, a water source
was discovered and unleashed,
and water now gushes powerfully
through the parched land.
And our heroes are off
again to Snowbelle City
NARRATOR: as the
journey continues!